web_Client_Views_Home_LoadPlateVideo_tuopingbao	zh-CN	脱贫宝
web_Client_Views_Home_LoadPlateVideo_tuopingbao	en-US	Tuopinbao
web_Client_Views_Content_Js_comment_addMask_Loading	zh-CN	加载中
web_Client_Views_Content_Js_comment_addMask_Loading	en-US	 Loading
web_Client_Views_Content_Js_comment_addMask_deleting	zh-CN	删除中...
web_Client_Views_Content_Js_comment_addMask_deleting	en-US	Deleting…
web_Client_Views_UserRoom_Message_DelLinkBtn	zh-CN	删除
web_Client_Views_UserRoom_Message_DelLinkBtn	en-US	Delete
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_ShowNoCreateAnyAlbum	zh-CN	您还没有创建过任何专辑哦
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_ShowNoCreateAnyAlbum	en-US	You haven't created any album yet
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_SpeedCreateAlbum	zh-CN	立即创建
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_SpeedCreateAlbum	en-US	Create now
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_CreateAlbumToTime	zh-CN	创建于
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_CreateAlbumToTime	en-US	 Created at
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_CreateAlbum	zh-CN	创建专辑
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_CreateAlbum	en-US	Create album
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_EditCover	zh-CN	编辑封面
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_EditCover	en-US	Edit cover
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Title	zh-CN	标题：
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Title	en-US	Title:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Placeholder_TitleMaxLen	zh-CN	最多不超过25个字
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Placeholder_TitleMaxLen	en-US	Maximum 25 words
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_About	zh-CN	简介：
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_About	en-US	Introduction:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Placeholder_PleaseAboutAlbum	zh-CN	请简短填写一下您的专辑信息吧
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Placeholder_PleaseAboutAlbum	en-US	Pls give us a brief introduction of your album
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_AlbumTags	zh-CN	标签：
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_AlbumTags	en-US	Tags:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_CancelButton	zh-CN	取消
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_CancelButton	en-US	Cancel
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_ConfirmButton	zh-CN	确定
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_ConfirmButton	en-US	Confirm
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_PageTitle	zh-CN	用户中心
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_PageTitle	en-US	User center
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumDetail	zh-CN	专辑详情
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumDetail	en-US	Album details
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumAbout	zh-CN	简介：
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumAbout	en-US	Introduction:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumCreateToTime	zh-CN	创建于
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumCreateToTime	en-US	 Created at
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_EditAlbumLink	zh-CN	编辑
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_EditAlbumLink	en-US	Edit
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoInfo	zh-CN	视频信息
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoInfo	en-US	Video information
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoOpertation	zh-CN	操作
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoOpertation	en-US	Operation
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_NoAddVideo	zh-CN	此专辑还没有添加任何视频哦
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_NoAddVideo	en-US	You haven't added any video to this album yet
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoAbout	zh-CN	简介：
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoAbout	en-US	Introduction:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_NoInput	zh-CN	未填写
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_NoInput	en-US	Not filled
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_RemoveVideo	zh-CN	移除视频
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_RemoveVideo	en-US	Remove video
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AddToAlbum	zh-CN	添加到专辑
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AddToAlbum	en-US	Add to album
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_ShowModifyIpAddress	zh-CN	IP地址：
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_ShowModifyIpAddress	en-US	IP address:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_SetEmailPwd	zh-CN	设置密码：
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_SetEmailPwd	en-US	Set password:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_ValidateEmail	zh-CN	6-18位密码，字母/数字/符号
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_ValidateEmail	en-US	6-18 characters, letter/number/symbol
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_EmailLoginPwd	zh-CN	登录密码：
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_EmailLoginPwd	en-US	Login password:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Placeholder_InputLoginPwd	zh-CN	输入登录密码
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Placeholder_InputLoginPwd	en-US	Enter login password
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_AddToAlbum	zh-CN	添加到专辑
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_AddToAlbum	en-US	Add to album
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_MakeTheVideoToAlbum	zh-CN	将该视频添加到以下专辑
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_MakeTheVideoToAlbum	en-US	Add this video to the following album
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_PrevPage	zh-CN	上一页
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_PrevPage	en-US	Previous page
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_NexPage	zh-CN	下一页
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_NexPage	en-US	Next page
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_CancelButton	zh-CN	取消
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_CancelButton	en-US	Cancel
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_ConfirmButton	zh-CN	确定
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_ConfirmButton	en-US	Confirm
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_AddSuccess	zh-CN	添加成功
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_AddSuccess	en-US	Added successfully
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AddVideo	zh-CN	添加视频
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AddVideo	en-US	Add video
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AllUploadVideo	zh-CN	全部上传视频
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AllUploadVideo	en-US	Upload all videos
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_PrevPage	zh-CN	上一页
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_PrevPage	en-US	Previous page
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_PrevPage	zh-CN	下一页
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_NexPage	en-US	Next page
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_CancelButton	zh-CN	取消
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_CancelButton	en-US	Cancel
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_ConfirmButton	zh-CN	确定
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_ConfirmButton	en-US	Confirm
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AddSuccess	zh-CN	添加成功
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AddSuccess	en-US	Added successfully
