web_Client_Views_Home_LoadPlateVideo_tuopingbao	zh-CN	?????
web_Client_Views_Home_LoadPlateVideo_tuopingbao	en-US	Tuopinbao
web_Client_Views_Content_Js_comment_addMask_Loading	zh-CN	??????
web_Client_Views_Content_Js_comment_addMask_Loading	en-US	 Loading
web_Client_Views_Content_Js_comment_addMask_deleting	zh-CN	?????...
web_Client_Views_Content_Js_comment_addMask_deleting	en-US	Deleting??
web_Client_Views_UserRoom_Message_DelLinkBtn	zh-CN	???
web_Client_Views_UserRoom_Message_DelLinkBtn	en-US	Delete
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_ShowNoCreateAnyAlbum	zh-CN	??????§Õ??????¦Ê?????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_ShowNoCreateAnyAlbum	en-US	You haven't created any album yet
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_SpeedCreateAlbum	zh-CN	????????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_SpeedCreateAlbum	en-US	Create now
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_CreateAlbumToTime	zh-CN	??????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_UserAlbums_CreateAlbumToTime	en-US	 Created at
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_CreateAlbum	zh-CN	???????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_CreateAlbum	en-US	Create album
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_EditCover	zh-CN	??????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_EditCover	en-US	Edit cover
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Title	zh-CN	????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Title	en-US	Title:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Placeholder_TitleMaxLen	zh-CN	???????25????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Placeholder_TitleMaxLen	en-US	Maximum 25 words
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_About	zh-CN	??ï“
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_About	en-US	Introduction:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Placeholder_PleaseAboutAlbum	zh-CN	??????§Õ???????????????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_Placeholder_PleaseAboutAlbum	en-US	Pls give us a brief introduction of your album
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_AlbumTags	zh-CN	?????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_AlbumTags	en-US	Tags:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_CancelButton	zh-CN	???
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_CancelButton	en-US	Cancel
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_ConfirmButton	zh-CN	???
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_ConfirmButton	en-US	Confirm
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_PageTitle	zh-CN	???????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_EditAlbum_PageTitle	en-US	User center
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumDetail	zh-CN	???????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumDetail	en-US	Album details
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumAbout	zh-CN	??ï“
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumAbout	en-US	Introduction:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumCreateToTime	zh-CN	??????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AlbumCreateToTime	en-US	 Created at
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_EditAlbumLink	zh-CN	??
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_EditAlbumLink	en-US	Edit
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoInfo	zh-CN	??????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoInfo	en-US	Video information
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoOpertation	zh-CN	????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoOpertation	en-US	Operation
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_NoAddVideo	zh-CN	??????????????¦Ê?????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_NoAddVideo	en-US	You haven't added any video to this album yet
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoAbout	zh-CN	??ï“
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_VideoAbout	en-US	Introduction:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_NoInput	zh-CN	¦Ä??§Õ
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_NoInput	en-US	Not filled
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_RemoveVideo	zh-CN	??????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_RemoveVideo	en-US	Remove video
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AddToAlbum	zh-CN	???????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumVideos_AddToAlbum	en-US	Add to album
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_ShowModifyIpAddress	zh-CN	IP?????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_ShowModifyIpAddress	en-US	IP address:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_SetEmailPwd	zh-CN	????????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_SetEmailPwd	en-US	Set password:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_ValidateEmail	zh-CN	6-18¦Ë???????/????/????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_ValidateEmail	en-US	6-18 characters, letter/number/symbol
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_EmailLoginPwd	zh-CN	???????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Edit_EmailLoginPwd	en-US	Login password:
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Placeholder_InputLoginPwd	zh-CN	??????????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AccountSet_Placeholder_InputLoginPwd	en-US	Enter login password
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_AddToAlbum	zh-CN	???????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_AddToAlbum	en-US	Add to album
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_MakeTheVideoToAlbum	zh-CN	??????????????????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_MakeTheVideoToAlbum	en-US	Add this video to the following album
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_PrevPage	zh-CN	????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_PrevPage	en-US	Previous page
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_NexPage	zh-CN	????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_NexPage	en-US	Next page
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_CancelButton	zh-CN	???
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_CancelButton	en-US	Cancel
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_ConfirmButton	zh-CN	???
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_ConfirmButton	en-US	Confirm
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_AddSuccess	zh-CN	?????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_AlbumListDialog_AddSuccess	en-US	Added successfully
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AddVideo	zh-CN	??????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AddVideo	en-US	Add video
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AllUploadVideo	zh-CN	?????????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AllUploadVideo	en-US	Upload all videos
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_PrevPage	zh-CN	????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_PrevPage	en-US	Previous page
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_NexPage	en-US	Next page
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_CancelButton	zh-CN	???
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_CancelButton	en-US	Cancel
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_ConfirmButton	zh-CN	???
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_ConfirmButton	en-US	Confirm
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AddSuccess	zh-CN	?????
web_Client_Views_UserCenter_VideoListDialog_AddSuccess	en-US	Added successfully
